Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
He's out. that's it.
It's over.
The war is over.
He is for real!
The Prince is for real!
Punching power George.
unbelievable punching power!
Absolutely the
most memorable fight of 1997.
and... and Kevin Kelly
doesn't want it to end.
The winner. and still
the undefeated
WBO Featherweight Champion
of the World.
Prince Naseem Hamed!
♪ Aa-ah. ah-ah ♪
♪ You better beware.
you better take care ♪
♪ You better watch out
if you've got long. black hair ♪
♪ He'll come from behind.
you'll go outta your mind ♪
♪ You better not go ♪
♪ You never know
what you'll find ♪
♪ Aa-ah. ah-ah ♪
♪ You look in his eyes.
don't be surprised ♪
♪ If you don't know
what's going on ♪
♪ Behind his disguise ♪
♪ Nobody knows
where Buster goes ♪
♪ He can steal your woman
out from under your nose ♪
Excuse me.
Excuse me. none of this in here.
Stay there.
What's this?
Boys. boys. get off!
Get off!
Brendan. Brendan!
Yeah!
Brendan. you've gotta
do something.
I am doing something.
I'm entertaining the kids.
We're supposed to take 'em
off the streets.
stop 'em fighting.
and causing trouble.
All we've done is
confined them to one space.
It's a bloody powder keg!
Ah. they're all good kids.
Reverend.
They're all good kids.
They just need to engage.
that's all.
Here we go now.
Dance and move. dance and move.
it's Saturday night!
I don't think they're dancing.
No. no.
Oh. shite.
Sorry. Reverend.
Sorry.
Here we go now.
we'll sort this out now.
Don't worry.
Hey!
The lot of you.
Back. back. Come on.
Hey. come on.
Oi. Stop that. Hey.
Stop that now.
Break it up.
I tell you now.
no fighting on the dance floor.
All right?
You listening to me?
'Cause if you wanna fight.
you take it into the ring.
Let the better man win.
Come on.
The lot of you. now behave.
There you go.
Dance and move. dance and move.
Come on now. Move it.
Move it.
Oh! Oh!
Hey. hey. hey.
body shots only now.
body shots only. the two of you.
You. in the corner right now.
go over there.
Now. Terry. right?
Keep your gloves up
nice and high. okay?
Let him windmill two shots
into each glove.
Then I want you to drop low
and hit him
with a left in the side
and a right to the chest. okay?
The body?
That's not gonna do owt.
Just bloody do it.
Okay. get in there.
Go on now.
Off you go.
Fucking hell.
Yeah.
No. come on now.
he hasn't knocked
a feather out of you. hey?
Hmm?
See what happens
when you use your brain?
Boxing. school. life.
A little education goes
a long way.
Take it off the streets.
bring it into the ring.
Might take you
somewhere special.
Go on now. off home.
If you wanna learn.
after school. weekends.
right here.
Good work.
Well. then. it's
the Don King of Don Valley.
How's that lad of yours
getting on?
Coloured boy?
He's a World Champion yet?
Harry.
He's getting there.
Saw him having
a shandy the other night
with some bird.
White lass.
Yeah. who he courts
is his business.
Here. have a look at that kid.
Look at him go.
- Aye.
- Hmm.
The little Paki can move.
Don't worry.
we'll get him eventually.
The rioters were stationed
behind burned-out cars
they were using
as protective barricades.
That's... that's it. very good.
Harder. harder.
Good man. good man. good man.
There you go.
Right. get those gloves
up there now. Dominic.
- There you go.
- Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
That's a good boy.
There you go now. right.
That's it. nice.
Very nice.
There you go. keep going.
Keep going.
There you go.
It's your turn now. John.
That's a bad boy.
There you go.
There you go. son.
Drank all the bloody milk!
There you go.
Brendan!
Come on. John.
Come on!
Hey! Knock it off!
You'll break your bloody necks
and the furniture!
Tea's nearly ready.
go wash your hands.
And clean the dirt
from under them fingernails.
you'll get worms.
Listen to your mammy.
Go on now.
You're as big a kid as they are.
I know. but I'm a better dancer
than they are.
- There you go. Huh?
- Oh. you think?
Hey! Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
Get your fucking spitty asses
out of here now.
Get the fuck out of there!
Get away from here now!
There ain't no black
in the Union Jack!
Go back to wogland!
Come on now.
Come on now. missus.
Christ. I'm sorry about this.
Let me help you
clean this off now.
- It's fine.
- What?
Do you need the shop?
It's just a bottle of milk now.
That's all.
They need their baldy heads
banging together.
Too much time on their hands.
that's what it is.
A bottle of milk?
Aye. bottle of milk will do.
Are you the Irishman
that runs the boxing gym?
- Yeah.
- At the Church Hall?
That's me. Brendan Ingle.
But those lads aren't mine.
I'll tell you that.
Where'd ya go?
Hello?
Nabeel. where's Naseem?
Come on.
Hello.
Go. go quickly.
These are my children.
- Riath.
- Nabeel.
And Naseem.
And Naseem. Oh. hey.
They're having trouble
at school.
Uh-huh.
On the street.
Can you teach them how to fight?
Ah. you wanna learn
how to box then. huh?
Huh?
All right.
You're willing to learn.
to study?
They're hard workers. Mr. Ingle.
Hmm.
- I seen you somewhere before?
- Dunno.
Do you hang around with a lot
of seven-year-old boys?
How'd you get that cut
on your lip?
Same way you got that bent nose.
Hey!
Oh!
Send them over tomorrow
after school.
before their tea.
All right. lads.
I'll see you.
One. two. three. switch.
Okay. now back again.
Back again.
Take a break then.
just take a little break.
Are you looking for Brendan?
All right.
go get something to drink.
I bet that hurt.
If you hit a bag.
you have to glove up.
You got a long way to go
before you glove up.
Leave the professionals alone.
Come on now. over here.
And the two of you.
We've got novices
in the gym. boys!
And what do novices have to do?
- Sing!
- Yes.
Sing?
I'm not bloody singing.
Oh. yes. you fucking well are.
What's it gotta do with boxing?
If you don't have the balls
to sing in front of 30 people.
what happens when you have
to fight in front of a 1.000?
Come on now. get in the ring.
the three of you.
Up you go.
It's not the end of the world.
Up you go. Go on.
All right then.
take your space. sing away.
Pay attention. the lot of you.
♪ The tide is hi...
♪ The tide is high.
but I'm holding on ♪
♪ I'm gonna be your... ♪
♪ I'm gonna be your number one ♪
♪ I'm not the kind of girl... ♪
Very good.
Actually. well done there.
Turn around.
There you go.
All right. Nabeel.
Pay attention over there.
From the...
From the desert of Sudan.
And the gardens of Japan.
From Milan to Yucatan.
Every woman. every man.
Hit me with your rhythm stick.
Hit me. hit me.
It's getting a little
inappropriate there now.
Come on. out you come.
Very good. though.
Very good.
And last but not least. Naseem.
Go on. give us a song now.
I'm more of a dancer. Brendan.
He's got better
footwork than you. Harry.
Very good. very good.
but you should be singing.
You should be singing now.
What about a song?
My moves do the singing
for me. Brendan.
Lad's got you on a technicality.
Yeah. he has.
All right. Fair play.
Right. come out.
Let's get some serious
footwork now.
Come down and do the lines.
There you go.
Keep moving.
Good. man.
Very nice.
There you go.
Look at that now.
That's it.
Breathe. breathe. relax.
There you go.
What's wrong?
What is it?
Why can't I spar or punch a bag?
You're not ready. that's why.
Well. I'm better than they are.
and you let them
move on months ago.
All right then. I hear you.
Come on then.
Over here. come on.
Get in the ring.
Ryan. get in the ring with Naz.
He can't spar. Brendan.
he's only seven.
Yeah.
I'm not asking him to spar.
I'm only asking him
to not get hit.
The lot of you. out you get.
Out you get now.
There you go. well done.
Let him in.
There you go.
All right now.
What do you need gloves for?
You only need to not get hit.
Go out there.
I'm gonna time you. one minute.
Ryan's gonna try and hit you.
You keep from being hit.
Off you go.
♪ Are you ready? ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
Nice and easy.
breathe now. breathe.
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
Take it.
There you go.
Oh. all right. and...
Oh. oh. oh. you got him.
Very good. Ryan.
Come on now. son.
Come on out.
You did well.
You all right?
Come on. there you go.
Did that hurt?
- Mm-mm.
- Mm-hmm.
I'll put you in here
once a week.
you go 60 seconds.
and you can lace up.
Nabeel and Riath
haven't got 60 seconds.
And they never will.
A 100 wannabe fighters
have walked through that door.
I knew 98 of them
wouldn't make it.
Hmm?
You've got what they haven't.
Footwork. Hmm?
You understand?
If they can't lay
a glove on you.
they can't win.
You show me they can't hit you.
and I'll teach you to hit.
One more week.
That's all I need.
You a cocky little shit.
ain't you?
- Sorry.
- Get out of here.
No. don't be sorry.
Don't be sorry.
♪ On the floors of Tokyo ♪
Naseem. slow down.
you'll bloody kill yourself!
♪ With the record selection
and the mirror's reflection ♪
♪ I'm a-dancing with myself ♪
♪ Oh. when there's no one else
in sight ♪
♪ In the crowded lonely night ♪
♪ Well. I wait so long
for my love vibration ♪
Ah. look at that.
now there you go.
How... how fast was it?
There you go. look at that.
- You see that?
- 4 minutes. 54!
- Come on!
- Yeah!
- Get in!
- Woo!
- Go on. go upstairs.
There you go.
♪ Dancing with myself ♪
♪ Oh-uh. oh-oh ♪
Very good. very good.
♪ If I looked
all over the world ♪
♪ And there's every type
of girl ♪
♪ But your empty eyes
seem to pass me by ♪
♪ Leave me dancing
with myself ♪
♪ So let's sink... ♪
Couldn't be happier.
Oop.
Excuse me.
are you Brendan Ingle?
Uh. hey. who's asking?
Vicki Quinn. Sheffield Star.
I'm here to interview
Harry Stevens.
I was told John Dennis
was coming.
John sent me
in his place because.
and I quote.
"Brendan's contract with Harry
is about as watertight
as the Belgrano.
so why bother?"
Just a second dear now.
What's your name again?
- Vicki.
All right. give me a moment.
You don't look like
a journalist.
You don't look like a boxer.
You here to interview Harry?
Forget Harry.
Yesterday's news.
Interview me.
Why would I wanna do that?
I'm the best fighter
the world's ever seen.
I'm the next Ali.
Better even 'cause
I'll never lose.
Oh. yeah?
How many fights you won?
- None yet.
- How many fights you had?
None yet.
I'm still the best.
Harry's being held up.
Well. when's he gonna get here?
Uh. well. he's not.
But he said
he'd call John Dennis.
give him the interview
on the phone like...
Fuck's sake.
But listen to me now.
Why don't you interview
this lad here?
The Naz fella?
He's dynamite. The best.
Are you joking?
No. I'm not.
A 4-foot 10-year-old
who's never fought?
Would you ask John Dennis
to interview him?
Oh. um. uh...
Fuck off.
Come on.
There you go now. son.
Ignore her.
Don't worry about that.
Ah. come on.
Look at the state of that tie.
Yeah.
- Come here.
- There you go.
I don't like you going
to the amateur nights.
Since they changed the rules.
took your license.
you get so upset.
Let me take Naz.
Um. sponsors will be there.
We need 'em.
The gym's broke.
And all this shite with Harry...
They're not running me down.
I'm gonna get Naz a fight.
You know they won't
give Naz a fight.
I'm getting Naz a fight.
Sending my wife in my place.
I'll look like an even
bigger laughing stock.
No one's laughing at you.
Brendan.
Aye.
No one's taking me
seriously either.
And in the red corner.
all the way
from New Jersey. USA. we have
Marvellous Marvin Hagler.
Marvin. Marvin. Marvin. Marvin!
And in the blue
corner. all the way
from Wincoban. Sheffield...
Marvin. Marvin.
Marvin. Marvin. Marvin. Marvin...
Naseem Hamed!
What are you doing?
We're meant
to be playing legends.
We are.
So. pretend to be a legend.
Ali. Smoking Joe. Sugar Ray.
Why would I pretend
to be anybody but me?
All right. lads.
Grab your bags.
We're going on uptown.
- Gladly.
- Go on. lad.
Think I'll get a fight tonight?
Fifth time lucky.
Love the headband. now.
You look grand.
- Thanks.
- Come on. now.
All right. lads.
Keep up. keep up.
Come on.
Dave. how is it
going there. now?
Yeah.
You want a fight
for that little Paki
you drag everywhere with you?
That's enough. now.
And he's an Arab.
Spade's a spade.
If he can break 7 stone. 7.
he's got a match.
All right.
Christ. there's
Margaret Thatcher over there.
Thanks.
Huh.
You need thicker specs. Brendan.
Let's have a look. now.
Oh.
7 stone. 8.
You got a match.
- Very good.
- Yes!
Your Arab's on 3rd.
7:00 p.m. sharp.
Wonderful.
If I see you anywhere
near the corner.
he's disqualified. all right?
I won't...
I won't disappoint you.
Dad. Naz can't go on at 7:00.
What? Why?
Maghrib. sunset. 7:03.
I saw it on BBC Weather.
Mag... what?
Evening prayer.
I'm a Muslim.
You fight at 7:00.
or you don't fight.
Oh. Dave.
Dave. come on.
Give us a break. now.
He made the weight.
You can see for yourself.
right there.
- It's right there.
- Christ.
Come on.
Come on. now.
You can do this.
Fine.
He's on 4th.
Yeah. good.
7:15.
Where can I pray?
Couldn't give a shit.
Don't worry.
Come on over here. Naz.
Come on over this way.
Right.
This is it. fella.
First fight.
Mm-hmm.
The moment we've worked hard
for the last five year.
You feel ready?
What's up?
You know I'm ready.
Yeah. it's just that
when you climb
into that ring.
they're gonna give you
a lot of stick.
You know. calling you a Paki
and a black bastard.
I get called that all the time.
Not by men in suits.
This'll feel different.
Yeah. I'll just ignore 'em.
No. don't.
Don't.
Embrace it.
It'll make you stronger.
make you wanna show
the bastards.
because you're better than them.
Do you understand?
Can you be
in my corner. Brendan. please?
- Just for this fight.
- You know I can't. no.
I train professionals.
so I can't train amateurs.
That's why they took my license.
But that's all right
because I got you
an even better corner man
right over there.
There he is.
Allahu Akbar.
Hey. look at that.
What's he doing?
Allahu Akbar.
Like. what is he doing?
Look at the state of him.
Allahu Akbar.
Fuck right off!
Go on. go!
All right. folks.
Fighting out of the blue corner.
we have Mark Stanley!
From Barnsley's Oakwell club!
And fighting out
of the red corner.
from Sheffield's own
St. Thomas Gym.
we have Naseem Hamed.
Knock the colour off him!
Brendan. is that the little Paki
that follows you around
like a shadow?
That's enough. now.
He's an Arab.
And I tell you.
that lad's gonna be
world champion. a star.
Gandhi's skinny brother?
Yeah. just watch the fight.
Come together.
Knock him out. lad.
Send him back to Pakistan. lad.
Go on. lad!
Gonna lose. big boy.
Stop acting the twat.
Corners.
Any advice?
Hit him.
Don't get hit back.
Got it. boss.
Box!
All right. Stop boxing!
Stop boxing!
Corner!
Not bad. is he?
- How was that?
- Aye. not so bad.
Any pointers?
Do you remember
what you just did?
Do it again.
Fuck the lot of you.
We still need to find you
a fighting name.
Sad fact. but the white fella
don't like
your black fella names.
I'm an Arab. Brendan.
Hmm. how did that feel?
What?
Being an Arab?
No. the fight last night.
Like I knocked smoke
out of someone.
And how do you think
it'll feel when you...
when you do it again at.
say. the City Hall
or the Albert Hall
or Madison Square Garden?
Hmm?
Yeah. like I knocked smoke
out of someone
with a world title belt
and a Lamborghini
parked outside.
Oh. you're a cute one.
Yeah.
Listen. I know
your brothers laugh.
and the kids
at school take the piss.
and everyone thinks
I'm some thick Irish Paddy
filling a kid's head
with daft dreams.
but you know something?
We can make this happen.
We keep doing what we're doing.
you could be champion
of the world.
You could earn £40 million
in your career.
and that's no joke.
Oh. so I have five Lambos
parked outside the garden.
Uh. yeah.
You're a small lad.
but if you climb
close enough to the sun.
you'll cast the shadow
of a giant.
Promise you.
You know. as your manager.
I'd be entitled
to my cut too. of course.
How much is a manager's cut?
25%.
10 million?
That's a lot.
Hey. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait.
Hey. listen to me now.
By the time of your
first pro fight.
I will have put in 12 year.
By the time of your last. 20.
25.
That's a long time. Brendan.
So what do you reckon?
Hmm?
Hmm? 25?
If you make me champion.
and 40 million quid.
you can have 10.
This is what they do.
Spit on it.
You spit on it.
- You're on.
- Done deal.
A done deal.
I'll do you proud.
I'll give every inch
of my heart.
There he is. the new Ali.
Ali fucking Baba more like.
What are you doing?
You're fighting tomorrow. Naz.
Leave it!
You soft Paki bastard.
I'm not getting
in the ring tomorrow. Daz.
So shut it before
I get your balls kicked in.
Come on.
It's like Dad says. feed off it.
Three. two. one. go!
Again.
The hell you doing?
Making an entrance.
Making a dick of yoursen.
Brendan says to be a star.
you need to make
the punters remember you.
Yeah. listen.
they'll remember you
being stretchered out
with a broken neck.
See that attitude?
That's why I'm gonna be a star.
and you are gonna be guarding me
as I make my way to the ring.
You're an arrogant shite.
aren't ya?
Brendan says you have
to be arrogant
to win the mental game.
Hoo-hoo. Brendan says.
Brendan says.
Fucking hell.
Hang onto his every word.
don't you. kid?
Yeah. I do.
Don't worry though. Tom.
He might have some advice
for you one day
if you learn how to box a bit.
Oh. you little shit.
Come on!
Yes!
Come on.
Woo!
You... you can't.
Harry. I've worked
with you for 10 years.
For 10 years. I've built
your career.
Dad! Dad!
Mum. where's Dad?
He's outside. love.
- Come on.
- I'm done!
Come on. Hey. Harry!
- I'm sorry.
- What's happening?
Nothing good.
Fucking bastard.
piece of fucking shite.
It's done.
It's over.
He's cut me out.
After everything.
I built him.
I taught him.
I gave him everything.
12 year.
- Dad!
- Not now. John. Not now.
Love.
Maybe a solicitor...
No. no. it's not the money.
It's saying my work
meant nothing.
Building his career
- Dad!
- Jesus. John. What is it?
That ABA official's
down the gym.
He's pulling Naz
from tonight's card.
Well. not one thing.
it's another.
He's humiliating
his opponents. Brendan.
Prancing around
like some Latin dancer.
What are you talking about?
It's his style.
It's your style.
Okay.
I'm not putting up with it
at every bloody event.
All right.
He carries on.
I'll have him barred
from the amateurs.
I hear you.
He shouldn't be here anyway.
I'm tired.
Just wanna go home.
No.
Not yet.
I didn't even do owt wrong.
I know.
You told me to act cocky.
Make 'em remember me.
I did.
Now they hate you.
So what?
You want me to stop now?
Oh. no.
We're adding to your arsenal.
Well. here you go.
Hmm?
They'll hate you
'cause you're different.
'cause you're better.
Let them.
It's the reason the halls
are packed for your fights
and half dead for the rest.
Hmm.
Same every tournament. right?
Yeah?
Let them hate you.
Hmm.
Never let them steal
what's yours.
Okay?
You hear me?
Yeah.
You get what you've earned.
what you're owed.
And you don't ask politely.
You take it.
You demand it.
Respect. Recognition.
All of it. Hmm?
And how do I do that?
Your training every day
to their three days
makes you what?
Better.
So. doubling down
and training twice a day
will make you what?
Hmm?
It'll make you unbeatable.
Go on now. get in that ring.
You know four ways to fight?
Well. now you're gonna learn
the fifth.
From Harehills. Leeds.
Billy Otis!
They love the Otis boy. hey?
Hmm. National school boy champ.
Headed for the England team.
And from Sheffield.
the Arabian Knight.
Prince Naseem Hamed!
Come on. Let's go!
He's got a ring name?
At his age?
Send him back to
where he came from!
Is that the official
that's trying to get
Naz kicked out of the amateurs?
Yeah. that's the fella.
Is he gonna do a dance?
Or is he gonna be a good boy
and do as he's told?
Wait and see.
All right. blue corner.
red corner. come together.
Right.
I want a nice. clean fight.
Box!
Box or I disqualify you.
Stop. Stop.
Stop boxing.
Corner.
The fifth way to fight is power.
Now he knows
all of the five ways.
If he can fight like this now.
his size. his age.
who's gonna stop him
when he's a man?
Put that in your book now.
St. Thomas Gym. take one.
So you started
the Wincobank Boxing Gym
after retiring as a fighter.
in order to teach
Sheffield's youth how to box?
How to box and how to live. yes.
How to live?
Well. it's not all footwork.
timing. jab right.
I also impart life skills.
Trev!
Before you came here.
who did you hate?
Pakistanis.
And?
Black people.
And who do you hate now?
Nobody.
- Life skills.
- And what about...
And it's not just
race relations.
Mikey. what happened to you
when you were fishing down
by the canal?
An old paedo tried
to grab me up.
- And what did you do?
- What you told me to.
Which was?
Punched him in the bollocks
and run off screaming.
In my gym. they learn
the fucking essentials.
Moving forward.
I'd like to ask you
about your unconventional
training methods.
You have professional adults
train beside.
and even spar with amateur kids.
They're not allowed
to hit each other in the face.
Body shots only.
But your methods
were considered so unorthodox
that you had to forfeit
your amateur license.
Bureaucrats.
Nobody gets hurt in my gym.
I don't pit the pros
against the kids.
The pros are here
to help the kids learn.
to help them conquer their fear.
to win the psychological game.
Because if they can win
that game.
that's when you find
your champions.
And have you found
your champion?
Oh. yes.
Naz.
Naz. fella!
He's not here.
Where the bloody hell is he?
All right. honey.
You enjoying your slush?
Well. you're in
for a proper treat.
You see my bro Naz?
He's the British amateur
boxing champion.
Yeah.
Tomorrow's his first pro fight.
so you get to meet the man
before he's a megastar.
- Down?
- All right. yeah.
Come on then.
Watch out. John.
This is Naz.
British champion?
Has he even started shaving yet?
I'm all man. sweetheart.
All man or small man?
It's not the size
of the dog in the fight. mate.
It is if it's
a bloody Pekingese.
Ooh! Pekingese?
I'm a Rottweiler.
A German Shepherd.
I'm six pit bulls
in a trench coat.
Come on.
I'll show you.
Wicked shot. mate.
Is it my turn now?
- Right.
- Go on. Naz.
Which hand do you want?
- Right.
- Right it is.
Let's go. baby.
Stop pissing about. just hit it.
Oh!
New high score. New high score.
What the fuck?
I know.
I must be tired.
All right. give me space.
- Back up. yeah.
- Get back.
Let me have a proper shot.
Naz?
Naz. what the hell
are you doing?
Hey. what are you doing?
Just showing the ladies
the goods.
You impressed?
With your punch.
Still a bit short.
I'll look like a giant
on your Daddy's telly.
Don't worry.
What are you doing here.
Brendan?
You're cramping my style.
It's your first
pro fight tomorrow.
What if you hurt your hand
hitting that?
I'll knock him out
with the other.
I've been to your mum's.
She's packed you a bag.
made you some sandwiches.
We're off to Mansfield.
I don't fight till
tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night.
we fight the fight.
Tomorrow morning.
we sell the fight.
Promoting now as well. Brendan?
Managing. Riath.
You started your journey
to boxing champion
at seven year old.
You start your journey
to global superbrand.
9:00 a.m..
tomorrow morning.
- I like that.
- Good.
I like the sound of that.
Come on. Come on.
And you too.
Come on. come on.
Come see the international
phenomenon.
the beast from the Middle East.
the Arabian Knight.
Prince Naseem Hamed.
Tonight makes his debut
at the Mansfield Leisure Centre.
It's working.
I mean. this is not
what I had in mind.
It's hardly
an Adidas commercial.
Little acorns. Naz.
little acorns.
We gotta make sure
they remember you. I promise.
Why the fuck would I want anyone
to remember this?
Name recognition
puts bums on seats.
I tell ya.
Just sell it now.
Off you go.
All right.
Sell it.
Come on. come on.
Come see
the international phenomenon.
the beast from the Middle East.
the Arabian Knight.
Prince Naseem Hamed.
Those are some stylish shorts.
Ah. you need the style
on your body
to match the style
in your fight. huh?
Hmm.
So. you were a star
of the ABA circuit.
Do you think you can take
that prowess
into the pro game?
Prince Naseem Hamed
is the finest fighter
the world has ever seen.
amateur or professional.
Okay.
And what does Naz think?
I turned pro on my 18th birthday
'cause I couldn't
legally go earlier.
But I've been ready for years.
No nerves at all?
Oh. Brendan's been training me
since I was seven years old.
He taught me everything.
I'm ready for anything.
And this is the
first time he's been allowed
in your corner. right?
Wicked. isn't it?
About time.
Slow and steady.
All right. last question.
What's your prediction
for the fight?
Don't blink. baby.
And in the blue corner.
from Sheffield.
making his professional debut.
Prince Naseem Hamed!
You know what to do.
Hamed. a fast starter. is facing
a truly hard hitter in Beard.
The newcomer needs to be wary
of running into
that big right hand.
Slow down. now.
Slow down.
Hold back.
Hamed's not heeding the warning.
He's going in hard.
Easy up now. ease up.
Strong from Hamed.
Come on. Focus. Focus.
Come on now.
Oof. There it is!
Hamed takes a big shot.
Keep your distance.
keep your distance.
Is that the wake-up call?
Is it a taste of things to come?
Hamed is charging forward.
Big right hand.
Very good.
One. two. three.
Dance and move.
Breathe. breathe.
Good? Box.
Oh.
the bell gives Beard respite.
What a round!
Strong from both fighters.
but Hamed is in charge.
Maybe he's all
he says he can be.
You've made an impression.
Now make him remember.
Okay?
Keep breathing. keep breathing.
Get in there now.
You're fine. Go on.
Do your thing.
Round two now.
and Hamed looks focused
on his man.
Beautiful
footwork. beautiful accuracy.
Keep your distance now.
keep your distance.
Hamed moving like
he's the Bolshoi Ballet.
throwing bombs
like it's the Blitz
on the East Londoner.
Finish it. finish it.
And he's done it!
Beard is down!
It's over!
The boy has done it!
What a debut. right here
in the bright lights
of Mansfield Leisure Centre.
My dad worked
in a steel factory.
Me and my brothers speak
with English accents
even though our parents
are Yemeni.
I've now had
six professional fights
and won them all in style.
I will be world champion.
Yeah.
Right. let's run it
from the beginning.
shall we?
Here we go.
In your own time. Kevin.
I was born in Dublin in 1940.
I was one of 15.
I came to Sheffield in...
Sorry. sorry.
Right. I'm not being funny.
right. but the video's called
"The Land of Naz."
Yeah. why the bloody hell
does it start with you
going on
about your life. Brendan?
Context.
I'm Naz's trainer.
Naz's journey
and mine are intertwined.
Oh. is that right?
All right. Knock it off.
Knock it off.
Look. it's... it's a promo.
Brendan.
We want it to sell.
You know. it's got to be
a bit snappy. you know?
What's the running time. mate?
Two hours. 58 minutes.
Okay.
Let's cut down
the fight footage.
What?
The bloody fight footage?
Are you out of your mind?
It's about characters.
not just the fights.
Kevin. tell him.
Go on.
- Is one of you Brendan Ingle?
- That's me.
There's a phone call for you.
All right.
Don't lose interest.
Yeah. I've got this covered.
Brendan.
Don't you worry.
Right.
Cut all the shit from the start.
make it all about
that one back there.
- It's just there.
- Oh. thank you.
Hello?
Brendan.
it's Frank. Frank Warren.
Fucking hell.
you're a hard man to find.
I thought you lived
in that sweat box
you called a gym.
It's like Windsor Castle.
Isn't it just? Yeah.
Don't steal the silverware.
All right. Here we go.
Brendan. my old friend.
Ooh!
Lovely to see ya.
Good to see you.
Thanks for having us.
Nice to see you again. Naz.
Truth be told.
I've been seeing a lot of ya.
Wanna see a lot more.
Lovely house. Frank.
Yeah?
Well. when I get you
where you deserve to be.
this place will look like
a two-bedroom flat
in Peckham next to your gap.
Oh. don't get him started now.
Of course. I was
the number one promoter
in the country by that point.
I had a stable to look after.
But he needed someone to blame.
so I became the focus
of his bitterness.
Hmm.
Shot me five times
at close range.
left me for dead.
Almost lost everything.
Friends walked away.
Business went down the swanny.
House foreclosed.
But I dragged myself up
off the canvas.
'cause I'm no quitter.
And within two years.
I clawed it all back.
Do you know what I got
from that story. Frank. mate?
What?
You pissed off one
of your fighters so bad.
he shot you five times.
That's enough now. Naz.
Easy up.
- Just sayin'.
- No. he's good. Brendan.
- He's good.
- All right. all right.
He's good.
Don't blunt it.
Don't ever blunt it.
He's got the mouth
and the fucking trousers.
Gift of the gab.
feet of a dancer.
speed of a cat.
and a hammer in both hands.
Hmm.
Tell me. Frank. um. did you get
that promo film I made.
that The Land of Naz?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- It's good.
- Oh. thanks.
Bit long.
Hmm. Well...
Look. Naz is a winner.
I'm sold.
In fact. I'm the one
doing the selling.
Selling you
what I can do for you.
Oh. yeah?
And what can you do?
I can get you a shot
at the world title.
Wicked.
What else?
Make you a lot of money.
What does a lot of money
mean to a man with all this?
Well. I hear that
Brendan thinks you...
40 million. Hmm?
40 million over the course
of his career.
That's by
my calculations anyway.
You like that number.
don't you. Brendan?
- I do.
- Yeah.
Well. I know how
to make it real.
Let Naz be Naz.
There you go.
I hear that two-bit promoter
of yours bollocks you
for the flash. the dancing.
the cockiness.
I hear it puts the others
off engaging with you.
Yeah.
They say the crowds
don't want it.
Yeah. well. that crowd's dying.
dying. dead.
The '90s heralded
a new generation.
and it's not just coming.
it's here now.
It's late night TV.
It's model-covered lads mags.
It's loud. it's vulgar.
tells you to go fuck yourself.
Yeah. I want you
on the back pages
of the tabloids.
but I also want you sitting
on a Ferrari.
draped with a model.
on the centre pages of FHM.
Mm. mm. mm. mm.
Culture's changed.
I see it.
Boxing's no longer
for old men in shit suits.
It's for boys with ear rings.
clad in designer denim.
And they want the swagger.
the flash.
the fuck you attitude.
the rock star. the show.
They want the razzmatazz.
See. I think you mean...
they want the Nazzmatazz.
That's it.
Yeah.
That's the fighter I wanna sell.
Hey. the other promoters.
they'll tear you down.
I wanna build you up.
Very good. Very good.
And switch.
Relax the shoulders.
There you go.
Footwork.
Follow. follow.
Belcastro?
Are you out
your fucking mind. Brendan?
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Settle down now. Riath.
This is my gym.
Nah. European title?
He's 19!
I'm ready.
I was born ready. baby!
Woo!
Did you set this up. huh?
Or is Warren calling
all the shots now?
I should have been
at that meeting.
Do you know what's at risk
if he loses?
You're the one who says
he could earn 40 million.
Oh. so you're not laughing
at that number now. are ya?
Nah. what?
You wanna risk it!
What?
You've taken over
managing his sponsors.
now you think you can train him?
Here. I wondered how long
it would take
before that came up.
Are you still bitter?
All right. all right.
that's enough.
It was my decision.
You've been fighting
3rd division.
Naz. Belcastro's premier league.
So. we're going for a promotion.
No. not if he loses.
No one's taken Belcastro
inside the distance.
And you've never had to go
more than a few rounds.
Hey. look at me!
You don't have
the experience. bro!
That's why we're going for a KO.
All right.
Fight's happening.
Go on.
I'll be back for my tea
in a bit.
Go on.
Let's go.
Get the fuck off me.
Fuck this shit!
Seriously. Brendan?
You think I can't
go the distance?
Play on three.
Foot on the gas.
Off you go now.
The press said it was too soon.
That taking the fight
was Brendan Ingle's folly.
Well. now it's round 11
and the 19-year-old Hamed
is way ahead on the cards.
Hamed's hurting
him. but he's not going for KO.
Ugly from Naz.
Disrespectful.
What are you doing?
And trainer Ingle is not happy.
And Belcastro
is down! He is down!
Stay down.
Ingle is telling
him to stay down.
Hamed looks like
he wants Belcastro
to get back on his feet.
Okay. you sure?
Why isn't he capitalizing
on the hurt he's inflicted?
What the bloody hell
ya think ya doing?
You could've taken him out
twice already
in this round alone.
There you go now.
You said
I couldn't go the distance.
That's what this is all about?
Come on now.
Get back in there.
Stop arsing around.
Go on.
Dance and move.
All right?
Box.
Round 12
and Hamed is still dancing.
refusing to land
the knockout blow
we all know he has
in his arsenal.
Belcastro stating a comeback.
Big shots.
And Hamed
is spinning out of them.
You having a good time. Frank?
I'm loving it. son.
Hamed is just
laughing in Belcastro's face.
humiliating his man.
It's the bell!
It's over!
Hamed won every single round.
He has proven his doubters wrong
in his absolute destruction
of Belcastro.
European champion at just 19.
Oh. bloody great one.
Bloody great one.
I'm too strong. Larry.
I'm too quick.
You've seen it yourself tonight.
I'm gonna be world champion.
I came here to prove a point.
I'm the greatest
there's ever been.
You will see for yourself.
Trust me.
And I wanna thank Frank Warren.
This man right here
is the greatest promoter
in the world. hands down.
And I wanna thank
Brendan Ingle. my trainer.
my life coach.
This man has taught me
everything I know.
Just the starting. Naz fella.
Just the start.
The Prince.
as the cocky little boy
styles himself. has no class.
In his treatment of Belcastro.
he showed us
that while mentor Ingle
may have taught him
how to box.
he forgot to teach him manners.
Let me get this straight. right?
Belcastro does all this damage
to my face with headbutts.
I put on a show
of a bloody lifetime.
and I'm the bad guy?
What's that about. man?
I told you. Naz.
Your face don't fit.
That's enough.
No need to make it worse.
They don't see
the cultural change like us.
Old men in shit suits care more
about expensing
two bottle lunches
than they do entertainment.
They're used to a tea dance.
You took 'em to a bloody rave.
He's right. though.
My face don't fit.
- No. Come on.
- It never did.
This ain't the amateurs no more.
This is bread and butter.
They talk shit. I lose fans.
- I lose money.
- Whoa. whoa.
Is that what
you're worried about?
You think the fans give a shit
about this bollocks?
You've broke in.
- Into what?
- The conversation.
That show you put on last night.
it's not just the boxing fans
who know you now.
Their grannies know who you are.
The whole bloody country's
talking about you.
Come over here.
There he is.
It's the Prince!
I love you!
Oh. please. Sign this!
Frank. did you bring
'em all here?
They were here when I arrived.
Half the world love ya.
the other half hates ya.
Whether they wanna see you win
or get knocked out.
they're paying to watch.
You're the Prince now.
You got the world at your feet.
♪ Came from another planet ♪
Prince Naseem Hamed!
Naseem Hamed!
It's a knockout!
...is Naseem Hamed!
He's done it again.
You gotta walk like a champion.
talk like a champion.
if you wanna be a champion.
Wrong tape. Brendan.
That's the Rise of the Prince.
best of Naz.
I think this is it.
Yeah. pop that in there now.
Uh. hold on.
Give it a bit of volume.
Naseem Hamed and his family
were given a hero's welcome
this week in Sanaa. Yemen.
the birthplace of Hamed's mother
and father.
Naseem Hamed is revered
in Yemen as a national hero.
Streets have been named
after him.
Children
are being named after him.
There you go now.
meeting the president.
Look at that.
It's nice Brendan got
to bring his family along.
Just leave it. Riath.
I'm just looking out for you.
This "us" business
gets on my tits.
It's not a team sport.
but he wallows in the glory.
Hey. how much
is the teacher responsible
for the student anyway?
It's not like anyone else
around here is achieving
what you are.
There you go.
Watch this. Watch this now.
Hey. they think
you're a bloody god. Naz.
There's only one God. Tom.
And they think you're his gift.
Yeah. Here you go.
This is the best part.
This is the invitation
they sent to bring us over.
Oh. what? No way.
Is that you and Naz
on the stamp?
Yeah. this thick old
Irish paddy here
and the Naz fella.
We're as royal as the Queen.
Yeah. Look at that.
- Brendan.
- Yeah.
- I need to talk to you.
- Go ahead.
It's about Naz.
The two of you. it feels like
you're drifting apart.
What do you mean?
I mean. who could be closer
than a trainer and his fighter?
But outside the gym.
the two of you.
you used to be inseparable.
Yeah. but you want him
to spend his evenings
walking the hills with me?
He's no longer a kid. Alma.
He's a young man who's had
the world thrown at his feet.
Maybe a walk in the hills
is exactly what he needs.
Uh. cheers. Tom.
All the best.
What are you getting at. Alma?
Nothing.
Forget I said anything.
Oh. no worries.
Cheers. John.
What's up. Mom?
Think it's happening again.
What's happening?
Same story. different actors.
Robinson. Robinson.
I've been hearing things.
Brendan.
Yeah.
They say he's not going
for his morning runs.
He's not keeping
to his training schedule.
Christ. I thought you could
hold the fort.
Look. look. Naz trains
at odd hours.
Yeah. and it's hard getting
out of bed at 5:00 a.m.
for a run when you're wearing
silk pajamas.
Calm down.
Calm down now. will you?
Look. this isn't just
another somersault
into any old bloody ring.
Yeah.
This is a world title fight.
in a stadium...
- Yeah.
- In his opponent's backyard.
- I hear you. I hear you.
- What state's his mind in?
Come and see for yourself.
We're in here.
Come on.
Frank!
Come and get your feet moving.
What is this. a dance class?
You practicing your routine?
Wouldn't think
you were about to fight
the world champion
on his home turf?
Can you hear 'em
chanting his name?
They'll be chanting mine soon.
Yeah?
Well. you've gone out
of your way
to piss off the whole of Wales.
They're all aching
to see Robinson
chew you up and spit you out.
Better that way.
ain't it. Brendan?
Take 'em on a journey.
Look at that grin.
Let's see if I can turn it
into a big smile.
See those pearly whites?
We got Adidas. Frank?
Not for tonight.
They only sponsor the elites.
Champions.
But they made the offer.
You need to raise up
that title belt tonight
to get the signature.
Does their offer match
Eric Cantona's?
Match it?
It beats it by 300 percent. son.
Hey.
Very good. Frank.
Very good indeed.
Let's have a look.
You think they'd suit me?
- Yeah.
- Aye?
Yeah. give it.
Please welcome into the arena.
the challenger
for tonight's title.
from Sheffield and Yemen.
Prince Naseem Hamed!
Who the fuck is Hamed?
Hamed. Hamed.
Shit.
Who the fuck is Hamed?
Hamed. Hamed.
Listen to that!
Jesus Christ!
Tom. get in here.
Guys. no one gets to him.
Big moment.
Biggest of his life.
And for you. Brendan.
You've been saying for decades
you'd train a champion.
Let's see if you were right.
No different than the
working men's clubs.
We've seen it all before.
- We?
- Hmm.
They were never shouting
at you. Brendan.
They were only ever
shouting at me.
Who the fuck is Hamed?
Hamed. Hamed.
And now ladies and gentlemen.
the WBO featherweight champion
of the world.
welcome Steve Robinson!
He's tense.
He'll start in tight defence.
Wait for you to make a mistake.
Frustrate him.
Goad him.
Bring him out of his shell.
open him up.
Are you listening to me?
Aye?
Great. Get in there.
Own that space.
Own your space.
Take him. Smash him.
Go on.
This is as hostile a crowd
as I've ever seen.
They don't just want
to see Hamed beaten.
they want him destroyed here
in this Cardiff cauldron.
Robinson is unbeaten
in seven defences
of his title.
Can Hamed do it?
60.000 fans say no.
Yes. yes. Yes.
Let's go. Steve-O!
Ugly from Hamed.
Disrespectful.
Big shots from Hamed.
And the Welshman can
land nothing in return.
Hamed showboating
on the world's biggest stage.
Hamed is goading the crowd.
goading the champion.
frustrating them both.
Unbelievable
swagger from the challenger.
Hamed is frustrating Robinson.
stalking him with body shots
and stepping out of range
with fast feet.
Oh!
And it's the
bell! Huge first round!
Was it saved by the bell
for the local hero?
Very good now. very good.
Easy down. easy down now.
Does he look frustrated yet?
Oh. just a bit. Yep.
Doing well.
Coming into round eight.
and this is the challenger's
fight.
This is your world right here.
Okay? Breathe. Focus.
Everything is yours
for the taking.
Go on in there now.
You hear me? Go.
Robinson.
and his 60.000 strong crowd
are not backing down.
Every shot Naseem lands
seems to energize them further.
Box!
Robinson is down!
The crowd are winning
him to his feet.
But how much more can he take?
Six.
Take him down now.
Take him down.
And Robinson is down!
And he is not coming back
from that.
Hamed has done it.
The Prince is champion
of the world.
All right.
the chairs are flying.
All right. steady now.
Steady. steady now.
All right. no more showboating.
Come on. let's get out of here.
Hey. let's get out here.
Great work.
Great work. Naz fella.
I wanna thank my mum and dad.
I've got so much
respect for them.
And I wanna thank Frank Warren.
he's the best promoter
on the planet.
Yeah. yeah.
Big up. Frank!
Yeah! Yeah.
But most of all.
most of all. John.
I wanna thank Allah.
Okay. um. let's
have a few words for Brendan.
You've been with him
a long time.
He's made you what you are.
I mean. give him some credit.
He done the job.
Aye.
Ah. we could get
the party started. yeah?
- See you lot in a minute.
- Yeah. see you later.
Need to have
a little word with Brendan.
Yeah.
That was some night. Naz fella.
I didn't think we were
getting out of there alive.
But we did it.
World champion!
Yeah.
Yeah. the belt's
a good step forward.
Yeah. that's the mentality
of a real champ. Naz fella.
Always looking forward.
Hmm.
First. we unify the division.
then we up the weights.
Yeah. no.
A lot of canvas to conquer.
So let's not be afraid
of the hard work. hey?
We celebrate.
then it's back in the gym.
Business as usual. Right.
Great work. great work.
Not quite business as usual.
though.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Prince Naseem Hamed!
Hey. man. Hey. man.
Welcome to the show.
He's up first.
Main guest.
Oh.
Could have put a shirt on. like.
20 million people watch this.
None of them over 25.
Thank you for coming
on the show.
Yeah. I know. wicked. man.
I'm all right.
Now. uh. w... what's the
week like after a fight?
You relaxing?
Yeah. no. I mean I'd like
to go away for a bit.
but I've got a defence soon.
so I'm not too sure.
I might go on holiday
for a week. then. uh.
get back into training and. uh.
knock. uh.
knock somebody else out.
Training?
Two hours a day at midnight.
I knew this would upset you.
Let's change the channel.
I put 16 year into him.
Then the moment
we get the title.
he renegotiates my contract.
Treats me like I did nothing.
Can't even thank me.
Now. how often can you fight?
Well. it depends
on your fight. doesn't it?
I mean. mine are over quick.
like two. three rounds.
but my last one
was about eight rounds.
but as you can see.
there's hardly any marks
on my face.
So. I'll be ready next week.
But. you know.
if Frank. my promoter.
best promoter in the world.
just wanna say hi
to Frank Warren.
you know. if he turned around
and said to me.
"I want you fighting
next week."
I'd say. "Bring it on.
I'll knock him out."
Cocky little shite.
You encouraged him.
You said it gave him edge.
I wanted him arrogant
in the ring.
Not in life.
You can't raise a boy
to behave one way.
and expect him to switch it on
and off at will when he's a man.
Sharpen a knife.
it'll cut you too.
Is that an old
Sheffield proverb?
Common bloody sense.
I'm gonna quit.
Then quit if you're so upset.
Come on! It's Friday.
Eat your fish.
Is it important
in fighting. religion?
Yeah. at the end of the day.
I'm... I'm Muslim.
And it's not about
one religion versus another.
That's out of order. that.
But it's about who God wants
to win. and... and it's written.
and it's. uh. written for me.
♪ Red and yellow
and pink and green ♪
Vicki.
How's it going?
Not so bad.
How's life treating you
at the Mirror?
It's cutthroat.
How's life at the top?
Cutthroat would be a day off.
Oi! Keep singing now.
♪ Red and yellow
and pink and green ♪
So you train the champion.
and have a dozen other pros.
and yet you still spend time
working with the kids?
Yeah. someone has to teach 'em.
Aren't there schools for that?
School teaches them to remember.
I teach 'em to think.
Well. and a little bit
of boxing on the side.
If they have a knack.
I'll teach 'em the system.
Mm. five ways to fight.
Mm. who knows?
Maybe I'll turn one
of these rough lads
into my next champion.
So it's all taught. no talent?
I read your write-up
of the Boom Boom Johnson fight.
Oh. yeah?
Just two pages?
Come on. Naz.
I called you
a natural-born thriller.
And I gave you
a centre-page shot
in a Jesus pose.
You should frame it.
Yeah. Come over here.
You. come over here
just a moment.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Vicki.
Come over here.
Good luck.
This is no good.
You have to show up
for training on time.
and stick to the diet.
Are you my boss now. Brendan?
I'm your trainer.
I'm your manager.
I'm telling you.
we can't cut corners
if we wanna crack America.
Come on. man.
I don't need to train.
I'm just too good. babe.
Knock it off with the voice!
This is not ringside.
There's no cameras here.
Can the Prince piss off?
I wanna talk to Naz.
All right.
You wanna train.
let's train then.
Right. There's the ring.
Go on. Chuck that.
Go on. now.
All right.
Everyone. carry on.
Go back to your lines.
♪ Red and yellow
and pink and green ♪
Was that wise?
Calling him God's gift. an idol.
stoking his ego
with endless pages of hype.
Is that wise. Vicki?
Erase the man.
build the myth. sell papers.
- Great.
- That's my job Brendan.
Yeah.
And I'm not the one
who spent his childhood
telling him he was better
than Ali and Dempsey combined.
- Am I?
- No. All right.
Take care now. Vicki.
All the best.
Safe home.
♪ Red and yellow
and pink and green ♪
Ah. there you go.
Loose. loose. Very good.
All right. time.
No. no.
Still plenty in the tank.
Who's next?
There's nobody left. Naz fella.
What about you?
30 years ago. maybe.
30 years ago.
you'd have gone down
with one jab.
Thwack!
Timber!
Oosh.
Can you even call yourself
an ex-fighter with your record?
Leave it now. Naz.
All right?
It's just a bit of sparring.
John.
And he knows the system.
The system makes the fighter.
ain't that right?
Irish.
Dad. what you doing?
Nah. don't worry.
Work out will do me good.
What are you doing?
Come on now.
Come on. get up.
Yeah.
Come on. man. I'm just joking.
No. No.
Many a truth in a joke.
Go easy. yeah?
Are we doing this?
Yeah. we're doing it. all right.
son.
We're doing it.
Are you sure?
Ding.
Whoa!
That? How is it?
Time!
Leave it now.
Leave it. drop it!
Right now. Come on.
So who's more important?
The trainer or the fighter?
Yeah. it depends.
Let's see what happens
in round two. shall we?
All right?
Fuck.
Hang on. I'm coming.
Hello?
Hiya.
No. I've just walked in. love.
There's no one here.
He must still be over...
Just... just hang on
a minute. Frank.
Brendan. you upstairs?
Didn't you hear the phone?
Living room.
Oh. Jesus Christ!
What's happened?
You should see the other fella.
- Other fella?
- Yeah.
Oh. I thought you'd had
a bloody heart attack.
Have you been sparring?
- Yeah.
- Who with?
The Naz fella.
He's the champion
of the bloody world. Brendan.
What you playing at?
At your bloody age.
Well. he was getting cocky.
What are you doing on the floor?
Hard surface.
Better for the back.
Is there something
I can help you with. Alma?
There's a phone call for you.
It's Frank.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Oh. Fuck.
F...
It's a bad line!
Could you shout?
I said
it's time to break America.
If Naz can beat Badillo.
HBO will set up a fight
with Kevin Kelley in
Madison Square fucking Garden!
That's brilliant.
Frank. Brilliant!
Top man.
Top man. you are.
Oh!
Ah. there you are.
Glad to see
you're still hard at it.
Brendan. you all right?
I'm sorry about earlier. man.
Don't worry about that.
Listen to me now.
We're going to the Mecca.
You're Catholic. Brendan.
They won't let you in.
No. no. no.
I mean the Mecca of boxing.
We're headlining the Garden.
- The Garden?
- Yes!
We're going home!
Oh. Jesus.
Now. listen to me.
It's not guaranteed now.
We still need to think
about Badillo.
- Huh?
- Think about him?
Yeah.
Man. what's there
to think about him?
We're going home. Brendan!
We're going to the Garden!
♪ Red and yellow and... ♪
Dance and move.
Think about him?
What's there to think about him?
♪ I'm the lyrical gangster ♪
♪ Murderer ♪
♪ Dial emergency number ♪
♪ Still love you like that ♪
♪ Murderer ♪
♪ Nah. na na na nah.
na na na nah ♪
♪ Na na nah. na. na. nah ♪
♪ Na na na nah ♪
♪ It's how we do it. man ♪
Come on!
How was that
for thinking about him?
Oh! Oh. yes.
Yes.
Oh
♪ Well. I'm not bragging.
but I'm the best ♪
♪ Simply better
than all the rest ♪
♪ You know. come Sunday ♪
I'll make him into a meal.
I'll make him
into a Sunday roast.
After I'm done with him.
I've got a nice
little job for him.
Don't you worry.
Putting posters of my face
on the wall.
He'll be going down like timber!
Come on now.
Woo!
Come on now. get in the ring.
It's a bloody circus. Come on.
What. are my shows too much
for you now. Brendan?
Are they too big?
It's all right if it is.
When you're ready.
Up you get.
Thank you very much now.
Thank you.
Brendan. don't
whistle at me again.
And turn that shit off.
I'm the best fighter there is.
I keep saying it.
I keep proving it.
I'm just too good.
Colin. go ahead.
Your face is everywhere.
Your name's on everyone's lips.
How does it feel
to be the toast of New York?
I'll fight whoever it is.
I could've brought
Kevin Kelley back home
in England
and beat him up there.
I didn't wanna do that.
I want to fight him here
in his own backyard.
knock him spark out here
in front of his own crowd.
Uh. Kev. you got a reply
to Naz throwing down
the gauntlet?
Go on.
I just got one thing to say.
Hmm.
The first round.
I'm going straight
for that cocky mouth.
Give it all the hype
in the world.
I have more knockouts
than you have fights.
- Give it all the hype.
- You can't beat me.
Promote it.
Right. folks.
Well. I think that wraps...
Just a second.
Just a s...
just a second. mate.
My name's Brendan Ingle.
I'm the Naz fella's manager
and trainer.
I'd just like to say
a few things about him.
if that's okay.
I've had him since he was a boy.
He came seven days a week.
Trained as much as he could.
learned as much as he could.
I knew then
what he could achieve.
I says to him.
"Me and you
can conquer the world.
but the road will be hard."
And it was hard.
Fighting in pubs and clubs
in northern English
mining towns.
Tough places.
Hard people.
But I never worried
about the Naz fella.
You know why?
Because he can fight this way.
he can fight that way.
He can switch on a dime.
He can come in from the sides.
And he can fight square on.
throwing shots
with the power of Thor's hammer.
That's my system.
And my God. has he mastered it.
Huh? There you go.
Thank you.
There you go.
Yeah. Oh. well done.
Oh. really.
I'm glad he got through that.
- Oh. yeah. you know?
- Ah.
it's good to hear
the old war stories.
I got the chills
just being there.
You know. back
when I was a fighter.
I dreamed of fighting there.
But. you know.
it means the world to me
to have the Naz fella there now.
Yeah.
Why you talking about
your fighting career again?
What fighting career?
Maybe if I had
the opportunities back then...
Fighters earn
their opportunities. Brendan.
They earn them.
I know you like
to think they're yours
to give out. but...
You know what?
Even if you had an opportunity
on a silver platter.
you'd have done nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
You're talk. man.
Constant fucking talk.
All hot air. no backbone!
"Oh. it's my system.
My God. he's mastered
the system.
Oh. yeah."
If all you do is talk.
how the fuck
do you expect to win fights?
Yeah.
Jeez.
- It's just last minute nerves.
- All right.
Take it out on the
closest target. that's all.
Come on.
I'll make you a cup of tea.
I'm going for a walk.
You cannot disrespect
Mr. Ingle like that.
After all he's done.
You apologize now. Naseem.
Now.
I shouldn't have spoken
to you like that. Brendan.
That's not an apology.
You shouldn't take credit
for my success.
I don't deserve any?
My talents are from God.
And I played no part?
You've trained hundreds
of fighters.
and only one champion.
My talents are from Allah.
You know something. Naz fella?
Hmm.
Your talents are a gift
from God.
but your skills are a gift
from me.
Hmm.
Your ego?
That's your own fucking doing.
Brendan. please stop.
Yeah. that.
Naseem. you apologize
to Mr. Ingle right now.
You promised.
Come on. Naseem. now.
I'm sorry. Brendan.
Good. Good.
So you stay?
Hmm.
What about my contract?
You're earning 15 mil
a year now.
Now I'm the most
underpaid trainer in the elites.
I have other reps. Brendan.
25% is not happening.
So. we find compromise.
A middle ground. hmm?
Keep him at a distance. okay?
Don't box him. out think him.
He's gonna fall back
and wait for you
to come at him
and show boat him.
Don't. all right?
Come on. Kev.
Come on. Prince.
Okay. men.
this is what it's all about.
Remember. protect yourselves
at all times.
Obey my commands at all times.
And may the best man win.
Touch gloves. let's go.
Come on. guys. touch gloves.
You don't run. I don't run.
Let's tear it up.
You got a deal.
It's Hamed versus Kelley!
How will it end?
Who will be crowned
king tonight?
Are you ready?
Is he a fraud or is he a genius
reinventing the sport?
Oh. down goes Prince Naseem!
Down goes the Prince
as Kevin Kelley
finds his target!
- One! Two!
- Perfect!
Down goes Kevin Kelley now!
Oh. that was a solid shot
from Hamed!
One! Two!
There it is!
Down Kelley goes again!
Oh. my God!
One!
Oh. another huge punch!
The undefeated
WBO featherweight champion
of the world.
Prince Naseem Hamed!
Oh. Jesus.
He didn't listen to a word.
He did the opposite
of everything
I told him to do.
Could have lost everything.
But he still won. eh?
Oh. sh...
Despite ignoring you.
that brawl is gonna go down
in history.
It's sent his star...
Give us a minute here.
John. will ya?
Go on. son. Go on.
He got knocked down three times.
He was one right hand away
from losing everything.
He won by the ski...
- Grace of God?
- Yeah. f...
No. Brendan.
It's... it's like I tell Naz.
Huh?
You're not an essential part
of his success.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah.
Allah gave Naz a gift and. well.
he makes the best of it.
Really?
If it's all a gift from God.
why didn't he give it to you?
- He gave me others.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah. Insight.
- Oh. really?
Uh. business acumen.
- Oh.
- See. not everyone has those.
- Like my mum and dad.
Oh. real... what?
Yeah. you pulled a blinder
with them. didn't you?
10%.
That more accurately reflects
your contributions.
0% of his purse.
and a flat per fight
training fee.
Plus expenses.
Listen. Listen to me.
Hmm?
I'll have a deal with Naz.
Let's see what he has to say.
shall we?
He gave me the go ahead
to draw it up.
Uh. you don't like me.
Brendan. do ya?
You think I'm poisoning his ear?
I... I'm not.
I love my brother.
And it's my job
to make him money.
Keep him secure.
Yeah?
And I will do that.
Even if it means
keeping people like you
and Frank Warren
from getting rich off him.
You think this is all
about money?
I've lived in the same house
for 30 years.
And I don't have a Ferrari
or a Lamborghini
parked outside it.
Well. maybe it's time
to dip into your savings
and buy one then.
Savings?
I put everything I earned
back into the gym.
The training. the fighters.
The kit for the kids.
Oh. well. it sounds to me
like your charity
is gonna have to find
a new benefactor.
Are you in or are you out?
I quit.
Is it true you train
Prince Naseem?
I do.
I did.
Can you train me to be champion?
Depends.
How is your singing voice?
Come on in.
How could you know?
So. what do they call you?
Kell.
Kelly?
Nah. Kell.
Kell Brook.
I see.
If ever a boy needed a nickname.
So tell me. Kell.
what makes you so special?
Yo. Riath.
Riath. it's me.
Yo. open.
London's
prices continue to rise.
interest rates with them.
Told ya.
Interest rates are shooting up.
Bought at the right time.
I've got lunch.
Mm-mm.
You sure you should be
eating this?
Nutritionist said you shouldn't.
Saturated fat and carbs.
it's no good. Naz.
Not in camp yet.
Just getting my hand in.
Hey. Naz. Look.
Brendan's back at Ponds Forge
with his
domestic level fighters.
It's Johnny Nelson.
Good fighter. Good lad.
You gonna go. Naz?
Oh. yeah. Naz.
Why wouldn't you support
a man you made rich.
who got bitter and wrote a book
telling the world you're a twat?
Don't be bloody soft. Murad.
You think Frank's promoting?
How should I know?
Well. he needs the money
since he stopped
bleeding you dry.
Well. Naz made
millions with Frank.
And he bought you all them cars.
With Naz's money.
They weren't gifts. Murad.
they were tax write-offs.
Anyway.
Listen. those days are over.
It's Hamed all the way.
We should get Brendan down here.
Show him what
a champion's gym looks like.
Eh?
I think your tracksuit's
drawing attention.
It's not the tracksuit
they're all staring at. Vicki.
You knew I'd say that.
didn't you?
So you could write
in your article
about how cocky I am.
You don't think you're cocky?
It's not that.
it's just all been said.
There's far more interesting
things to talk about.
Okay.
What do you wanna talk about?
About how I'm gonna
spark Barrera out.
What do you actually
wanna talk about. Naz?
Do you want to talk
about Brendan?
Your people would love that.
wouldn't they?
That's a grand gesture.
They're not expensive.
Mm.
Uh. what do you wanna know?
Am I angry at him
for selling our story?
Talking about me as a kid?
Saying that money's my new god?
I know you're angry about that.
Then what do you wanna know?
If you regret it?
You think the split
was my fault?
Naz. I know how close you were.
and for how long.
Who caused the split
is not the important question.
Then what is?
Whether it's worth
what you lost.
So...
So?
What?
Well. Sunday?
With my mum and dad?
Yeah. yeah.
Fine. Whatever.
Bloody hell.
Again?
Teething.
Johnny won.
Unanimous decision.
That's nice.
Yeah.
You all right. love?
Wicked. Yeah.
Yeah.
Listen. I'm gonna go
for a drive.
The roads will be clear.
I can open up the engine
on the Ferrari.
Come here.
Johnny fella. Come here.
Well. go home.
You go home and rest now.
You go home and rest.
Riath.
Set up the training camp
over there.
Let's get the fuck
out of Sheffield.
Dance and move. now.
Dance and move.
Very good. Time!
Go on now.
Have John rub you down.
Favourite part of the day.
Yeah.
Good work.
Doing well. Doing well.
Get on the table now over there.
Come on.
Hey. Vicki. love.
You all right?
Not so bad. Looking sharp.
Ah. thanks.
Vicki. Mm-hmm.
In the neighbourhood were you?
No.
I came to see you.
Wanted to see if you had
a quote ahead of the fight.
Johnny's not fighting
for months.
I'm talking about Naz-Barrera.
Hmm.
I hear you weren't happy
with his latest TV interview.
Yeah. it's human
nature to lay blame.
to excuse your own behaviour.
First. they use you.
then they abuse you.
then they accuse you.
Like I've always said.
"Boxing. at its worst.
is a dirty. rotten.
horrible. prostituting.
vindictive game."
So. why are you involved
in it then?
Ah. it's only like life now.
Come on now. Vicki.
that's enough.
This is his biggest fight
since Kelley.
since Robinson even.
Naz thinks he'll walk it.
What do you think?
Hmm. Barrera has movement.
hand speed. style.
He's the real deal.
So. you've been
looking into him then?
You used to say Naz
was invincible.
Do you still think that?
He needs a plan.
He leans on his big punches now.
That's not gonna wash
against Barrera.
Do you have a game
plan for the fight?
Not my circus. not my monkeys.
That's not an answer.
And would he listen
even if he was here?
Brendan. you're arguably
the only person
he ever did listen to.
Yeah. Yeah.
The legendary Manny Stewart
is training him now.
I mean. how can he ignore Manny?
He doesn't wanna
go over the game plan.
Where the fuck is he?
He's got something better to do?
Where is he?
Wherever you can see the line.
that's where I want it dead.
And I want it all to be black.
I want my hair
to look absolutely perfect.
Okay. I got you.
It's gonna be perfect.
It's gonna be beautiful.
Some people think
it's just a haircut.
I believe it's a statement
about who you are.
Sharp. smooth.
Working on you is like
working on a piece of art.
You're a legend.
Dad. he's starting
his ring walk.
Coming out
to the call to prayer.
He's always been proud
of his heritage.
Got to hand him that.
Bit hard to dance to though.
Oh. there you go.
best of both worlds.
And this
is Barrera's first fight
after moving up
to featherweight.
Look at Barrera.
- Yeah.
- He's holding back.
Yeah.
You were right. Dad.
All he's got is his power punch.
He didn't prepare.
No game plan.
Use... use your jab.
His pointless technique
and lack of technique
are letting him down.
He's... he's looking nervous
in there.
Yes!
He's all over the place again.
He's shaking his head
at Barrera as if to say.
"Your punches don't hurt."
but they clearly do.
Hamed let himself down
in the first round.
which was very.
very clearly Barrera's.
Hamed was not expecting that.
I'm going to visit
the little boys' room.
Go on. Barrera. Go on!
Yes!
Should I check on Dad?
No. I'll go.
And now
there's only three minutes left.
It's hard seeing
one of your boys getting hurt.
My boys are in the living room.
Two are.
Another's in a ring
in the MGM Grand.
Las Vegas. and he's losing.
And you can't help him.
If only he'd fall back
on his defence.
Footwork. footwork.
Attack from the right.
You know?
I know it broke your heart.
All the work.
the love. the care.
He thinks I did nothing for him.
He knows what you did for him.
They all do.
Johnny's a good lad.
Not just fighters you train
to be champions.
all the kids you made
into better men.
So many people in this city
look up to you.
They kept out of trouble
because of you.
They lead better lives
Some went on
to be world champions.
some went on to lay bricks.
All of them thank you
for giving them your time
when no one else would.
Isn't that what this
was all about?
Isn't that something
to be so proud of?
I know I am.
Yes!
The boys are a little less hurt
and a little more angry
than you.
So I think we can take it
Naz lost.
All right.
You're gonna
love this kid. Brendan.
Yeah.
He can fight off both feet.
switch it up.
And he's hungry.
so he'll listen.
Oh. yeah.
They all listen at the start.
Yeah. look. I... I know
you don't like
taking kids from other gyms.
but I really do think
you should...
Mr. Warren.
What?
There's been a problem.
Oh. Christ.
This will only take a second.
Go on now. Yep.
What do you mean
he hasn't got in the car?
He fights in two fucking hours!
Tell the driver to bang
on the door.
Kick it in if he has to
and drag him here.
Nice suit.
New?
Yeah.
Yours?
Yeah. Well. the old ones
don't fit. so...
Nothing a training camp
wouldn't fix.
I wondered what I was going
to say when I saw you.
You got anything left to say?
I thought you put it all
in the book.
Oh. the book?
The fucking book.
- Language. Brendan.
- Oh.
When you wrote me out
of your contract.
you wrote me out
of your history.
telling everyone your skills
were a gift from God.
that I had nothing
to do with it.
that I was a conditioning coach.
I had to set
the record straight.
17 year.
17 year of my life
I gave to you.
I trained you. I taught you.
I brought you up
in my own house.
along with my own sons.
I took a boy
from the back streets
and turned you
into the greatest fighter
of your time. the biggest star
on the planet.
and you fucking betrayed me!
You cut me down.
Ran me off.
I was like a father to you.
You were like a father to me.
- I was?
- Yeah. you were.
until you sat me down
and took 25% of my earnings.
Ah. 25%. that's standard
for a manager.
I was 12 years old. man!
I was 12.
All right.
- All right.
- You know. everyone thought
it was a load of bullshit.
Our talk of world titles
and millions of pounds.
you know. just the ravings
of a thick old paddy
and the bullshit
fantasies of a little kid.
But I knew it was real.
and so did you.
And you sat me down
and negotiated your fee with me.
Fathers don't do that
with their sons. Brendan.
they don't!
I get it though.
I get it. you know?
It's... it's work.
and you're protecting
an asset. and... you know?
But after that. our relationship
became transactional.
And transactions
can be renegotiated.
Why'd you write
a book claiming credit
for my career?
I wanted
my contributions recognized.
that's why I wrote the book.
to you. to boxing.
but you refused to do it.
Oh. yeah. at first.
but then you became
selfish and cruel
and fucking arrogant.
You nurtured that arrogance.
You nurtured it
when it suited you.
You told me to feed off
their abuse.
it'd make me stronger.
more superior.
You can't teach a kid
to be ferocious
and then complain
when they fucking are. Brendan.
Yeah. I knew what I was doing.
stoking that fire.
I knew it would make you
a better fighter.
but I also knew
it would make you
a harder man to know.
I wanted you to be a champion.
I needed a champion.
Well. you got one.
I did. Hmm.
Look. I don't resent it.
Brendan.
It's who I had to be.
I couldn't compromise
if I was gonna silence
those who hated me
for nothing I'd done.
I just wish
I could switch it off sometimes.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I made you feel
like you didn't
make a difference.
Well. you did.
I'm sorry I made you feel
like an asset.
like I didn't care.
I'm sorry.
Shame we're only
saying this now.
We could've done
so much together.
Could've gone beyond great.
Who knows where?
But there's still time.
you know?
Yeah
Who knows?
Come here.
There you go.
Ha-ha.
I really do think you should...
Mr. Warren?
What?
Uh. there's been a problem.
Oh. Christ.
This'll only take a second.
Go on. now. Yep.
What do you mean
he hasn't gotten in the car?
He fights in two fucking hours!
Tell the driver
to bang on the door.
Kick it in if he has to
and drag him here.
Mr. Hamed. they're ready for you
in the booth.
Sorry about that. Brendan.
- Yeah.
- Bloody pain in the arse.
Anyway. listen.
As I was saying.
this kid is fantastic.
Right.
I've seen him spar
a couple of times.
Playing hands.
♪ I want to run ♪
♪ I want to hide ♪
♪ I wanna tear down the walls
that hold me inside ♪
♪ I wanna reach out
and touch the flame. yeah ♪
♪ Where the streets
have no name ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I wanna feel the sunlight
on my face ♪
♪ I see the dust cloud
disappear without a trace ♪
♪ I wanna take shelter
from the poison rain. yeah ♪
♪ Where the streets
have no name ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Where the streets
have no name ♪
♪ We're still building
then burning down love ♪
♪ Burning down love ♪
♪ And when I go there.
I go there with you ♪
♪ It's all I can do ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I wanna go there
with you ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-